---
created: "2023-11-28 02:52\r2023-11-28 02:52"
tags:
  - DailyNotes
updated: 2023-12-03T16:02
---
<< [[2023-11-27-Monday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-11-29-Wednesday|Tomorrow]] >>
# Tuesday, November 28, 2023

## 🌅Morning Pages
> Face your problems as they come, one by one, give them the attention they need, and move on. Bundling them all together in a morass of confusion and letting them overwhelm you just won't help. It takes precision, patience, and discipline of thought. Work through each item pragmatically and with a solution in mind. Remember, everything is solvable, and if you can't see a solution, it only means you haven't worked it out yet.


## 📅Today...

- **What do you want to get done today?**
I gotta get back into sales gear and catch up on a few new quote requests and quote revisions.

- **What can wait?**
Final touches on and learning optimization for ObsidiMem. The team announcements. Training. Accounts excel import (just until I get the urgent and important tasks out the way first).

- **Obstacles in my way**
My own sense of prioritization and overthinking.

## 📥Inbox Triage

- [x] **Inbox 0** #todo
    - [x] SAN of FL - Documents
    - [x] Citizens Desktop
    - [x] Voicemails
    - [x] Email
    - [x] Todoist
    - [x] Messenger & Beeper (Texts) 
    - [x] Close CRM

## 💭Train of Thoughts

- **01:41 PM** - I gotta check ~~Mark Miscio's payment~~, I don't know if he was being sarcastic and that bothers the shit out of me. Right after I should get back to ~~**Archie Freeman**~~ and **Paula White**. There's also ~~**Carlos Jimenez**~~'s Citizens app to check on.
- **02:03 PM** - Trying to find my google review template... I think it's last known location was Open Phone.
- **03:28 PM** - Ok, making some leeway.
- **09:02 PM** - Updated payment methods:
	- Upwork, [[Close CRM]], [[AWL]], 

## 🌙Daily Shutdown
- What got done today?

- What didn't I get to?
I feel like I didn't get to some quotes I was supposed to do. I'm not sure what's going on but my memory has been shot lately.

- What did I learn?

- How am I feeling?

- What does my team need to know?

---

<center>Done for the day.</center> 
