---
created: 2023-11-30 15:28
updated: 2023-12-03T16:02
tags:
  - DailyNotes
---
<< [[2023-11-29-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-01-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>
# Thursday, November 30, 2023

## 🌅Morning Pages 
Just gonna get right into because of a late start in the day and dilly-dallying.

## 📅Today...

- **What do you want to get done today?**
I have requests to get back to. [[M Bellor]], [[K Lee]], [[V Soto]], [[DE Horning]], [[CA Monpichit]], [[R Kapp]], and someone else I'm probably forgetting. That would be [[GE Durant]] regarding their HVAC workers comp quote.

- **What can wait?**
My research and development, forreal.

- **Obstacles in my way**
Rabbit holes, like getting swept into distracting, but [[Useful AI Prompts]].
## 📥Inbox Triage

- [ ] **Inbox 0**
    - [ ] SAN of FL - Documents
    - [ ] Citizens Desktop
    - [ ] Voicemails
    - [ ] Email
    - [ ] Todoist
    - [ ] Messenger & Beeper (Texts)
    - [ ] Close CRM

## 💭Train of Thoughts

- **03:45 PM** Ok let's just knock em out one at a time. Start with your biggest supporter and the one ready to go, [[V Soto]].
- **03:51 PM** Finalizing her mom's mobile homeowners quote, but I can't remember the details of the other quotes because my brain is fried. My first thought is to check either Close CRM or Mem. Maybe my emails.
- **03:55 PM** That's a good thought, spend no more than 30 seconds on a rabbit trail. If the hole looks bigger than 1 minute, bookmark/save it for later.
- **05:10 PM** Okay finally done, that took an hour goddamn. Starting on the worker's comp quote now; I need to get Gordon's annual payroll from Coterie. Nope, not with Coterie, it's with NEXT maybe? Also, Airtable should be added as a Sidekick app.
- **05:36 PM** Fuck me slight rabbit hole into optimizing this damn sidebar, but I totally forgot that Drive has a integration with Sidekick upon realization that the Drive extension search is spotty. So note to self about [[Coterie]].
- **05:41 PM** Gotta review the original lead email.
- **06:17 PM** Started work on the worker's comp quote for Gordon, but can't proceed without EIN. What's next... Let's do K Lee. Policy review because she thinks she's paying a lot, so I have to check her discounts and possibly do a quick remarket attempt.
- **06:53 PM** Finished up P Kat's policy review, took 45 mins. Now to pick back up Durant because he replied with EIN.

## 🌙Daily Shutdown

- What got done today?

- What didn't I get to?

- What did I learn?

- How am I feeling?

- What does my team need to know?

```dataviewjs
```
# Done for the day.
