---
created: 2023-12-01 15:03
updated: 2023-12-03T16:02
tags:
  - DailyNotes
---
<< [[2023-11-30-Thursday|Yesterday]] | [[2023-12-02-Saturday|Tomorrow]] >>
# Friday, December 01, 2023

## 🌅 Morning Pages


## 📅 Today...

- **What do you want to get done today?**
- **What can wait?**
- **Obstacles in my way**

## 📥 Inbox Triage

- [ ] **Inbox 0**
    - [ ] SAN of FL - Documents
    - [x] Citizens Desktop
    - [x] Voicemails
    - [ ] Email
    - [ ] Todoist
    - [ ] Messenger & Beeper (Texts)
    - [ ] Close CRM

## 💭 Train of Thoughts

- **03:13 PM** Just checked voicemails and heard that [[R Knapp]] is still having issues with Southern Oak not having documents? Putting a pin on that till I get some real work done. Then again, there's the chat feature.
- **03:25 PM** But more concerning, Tango keeps crashing, which is interesting because it's been so quick thus far.
- **03:44 PM** Yep, strangely Tango (which is amazing) works on Chrome just fine but not Sidekick. Maybe because of my extensions?
- **04:10 PM** Need to remember to check if I ever sent the lender update for [[C Jimenez]]
- **04:14 PM** Ahh, that's why you went down that Google sheets/reminders/Airtable export rabbit hole... Your biggest source of anxiety is not knowing which Clients are clear and which aren't. Getting the Accounts sheet actually set up will map that out.
- **05:36 PM** I just realized... maybe I can add my personal number to Close CRM purely for communication tracking purposes?
- **06:53 PM** So I confirmed the issue with Tango and Sidekick is actually one of my plugins...
- **07:39 PM** So, I'm actually silly. This whole time I should have been using Google Sheets for my agency management system. It's way more powerful than Monday, ClickUp, and Airtable. And it's way simpler.
## 🌙 Daily Shutdown

- What got done today?

- What didn't I get to?

- What did I learn?

- How am I feeling?

- What does my team need to know?

```dataviewjs
```
# Done for the day.
